In addition, I would like to explain the general battle in the south of Japan from the beginning of the war to the 16th of May.
There were about 290,000 people in the enemy aircraft, about 1,800 planes were destroyed, about 3,500 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300,000 planes were destroyed, about 300
think you're going to happen isn't more than a Park here, toilet use there, and so on live임
comes to With!
Dawayne Sak Salman Hot-t Grow $ 3,100 One piece office
I of the
hits zero Less than 2,000, is visible to squad, but work
with the highest number of cases.
I would like to make a point of reference
to the statistics of the number of patients with pre-tumor diseases.
In December, 83 people were infected,
in January, 277 people were infected,
in February, 137 people were infected,
and in March, 262 people were infected.
We are happy to see that the situation
is in a very good state
considering the situation of the situation.
Since the war,
the number of cases
is increasing,
we would like to make a point of reference
to the statistics of the number of cases
and the number of cases
that are related to pre-tumor diseases.
I would like to make a point of reference
to the statistics of the number of cases
that are related to pre-tumor diseases.
In October,
we would like to make a point of reference
to the national health care system
that has been supported by the Ministry of Health.
We would like to make a point of reference
to the statistics of the number of cases
that are related to pre-tumor diseases.
We would like to make a point of reference
to the national health care system
that has been supported by the Ministry of Health.
We would like to make a point of reference
to the statistics of the number of cases
that are related to pre-tumor diseases.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for watching!